OK, so there are two types of OLOW, which I call Isiolo and Advanced Okello, so Isiolo requires two
algorithms for most cases, while advanced algorithms solve the yellowface in one algorithm.
However, advanced also requires memorization of 57 possible overwell cases.
So basically, you'll memorize every single permutation that the yellow side can come in and know how
to solve.
No one algorithm to solve the yellowface from here.
So, for example, in this case, if you knew advanced, well, then you could do one algorithm with
this crazy case right here and it would solve it.
But of course, you need to memorize fifty seven algorithms.
So that's pretty advanced.
It can be timesaving, but it's easier to do two steps and memorize only seven algorithms.
So we're going to solve the Yellow Cross and then solve the yellow top.
But instead of solving the Yellow Cross with the best case, I'm going to show you how to solve every
Yellow Cross case, which is seven different cases.
So you'll need to memorize seven, seven different algorithms, because if you just do a this over and
over, it's really time wasting.
So, again, we're going to go back to our bathtub.
We have no bar over here.
So just do it from.
I'm going to do it from this side.
Just that I know.
I'll get a bar.
So f sexy move.
Are you are prime you prime F prime.
There's our bar.
Do it again.
F are you are you prime F prime?
And there's our cross.
So now I'm going to teach you the seven algorithms after you get across and which you can get the solid
yellow side for every cross case.
So the first one is the Suen, this one you should already know corners in the bottom left, one yellow
side facing you.
This one's really easy.
Are you our prime?
You are new to our prime.
That's all that.
Here we have the Mary case.
We have the soon, but we could see that the corners not facing me.
So if I just do a new prime move, then now we have the exact same thing, but on the left side.
So one thing is facing me, one corner facing me, and this is facing upwards.
So what is do the exact same algorithm, but with my left hand.
So the algorithm is our prime you prime l u l prime you to.
L.
So if we have a crisis like this, but we have no corners facing upwards, and there's two different
types of this, there's one with two headlights and one with one headlight.
So this is a case with two headlights.
We have one pair of headlights facing backwards, one ferencz facing us.
So we put headlights facing you so it could be on this side or this side.
The algorithm is our YouTube, our prime.
You prime our you our prime, you prime.
Are you prime our prime.
Here's the other case we have across again, no corners facing upwards.
Here's one pair of headlights, but you can see in the back, instead of having headlights facing outwards,
these two corners are flipped and places facing sideways.
So with this case, we want to put the headlights on the left side.
So right here and then this one corner should be facing you.
And our algorithm is our YouTube are to upload our to you prime are to you to our.
So one thing you'll notice is that a lot of these algorithms are just the same algorithm, but backwards
or with some moves in the middle.
So, for example, the the next algorithm is going to be the same as doing the fish case by with two
sexy moves in the middle.
So here's our other case, this is the only case where we have diagonal corners.
These corners are facing out this way.
So we have one to the left, one going to the back.
If we have a case like this, like I said, it's just the sewer algorithm, but with two sexy moves
in the middle.
So it's our YOUTU.
Our prime, you prime.
Are you our prime you plan.
Are you are probably.
You prime are you are prime.
So here's another case, this is one of two adjacent corner cases.
This is one of my favorites because it's nice to perform.
So we have our cross here and two quarters or upwards, and they're forming a bar on the right side.
So they're both next to each other.
But then we have to make sure that there's no headlights over here.
So there are two different cases.
There's this one where the corners are facing outwards and there's one where those headlights over here.
So in this case, the corners are facing outwards.
So one corners would be facing you.
And an algorithm is little are you are prime, you prime little are prime at our F prime.
So this algorithm is basically just a sexy move and a sledgehammer.
But with the middle layer included in the first moves.
So now we have our other case again, we have a bar on this side across two corners upwards.
But instead of a corner facing me this time, I have had headlights on this side.
So the algorithm for this one is, are you our prime Ukraine?
Are you prime our prime U2?
Are you prime our prime?
You two are.
You are our prime, you prime.
So that algorithm was just an algorithm where it starts and ends with a sexy move.
But we have a repetition of four moves in the middle of it helps you remember it.
Just do a sexy move at the start of the end start and the end.
And then our new prime, our prime Yuto, twice in the middle.
So those are all the seven algorithms you need to know.
Make sure you can solve the cross immediately.
And look at the corners, identify the case and perform the proper algorithm in order to solve the yellow
top immediately after solving the Yellow Cross.
If you practice this enough, you should be able to solve the yellow side after finishing up to well,
in two to ten seconds.
Don't worry if you can't get in this time range by recognizing the case and performing algorithms as
efficiently as possible when we lead to solving OLOW in three seconds.
Keep in mind, this is easy and take slightly longer.
Also, you just learned how to solve seven of the fifty seven possible Augello cases in one algorithm.